woeusb: add page (#8434)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/woeusb.md

> # WoeUSB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# woeusb
```

> > Microsoft Windows® USB installation media creator for GNU+Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Windows media creation tool.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/WoeUSB/WoeUSB>.

> - Completely WIPE the entire USB storage device, then build a bootable Windows USB device from scratch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Format a USB then create a bootable Windows installation drive:
```

> `woeusb --device {{source media path}} {{device}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`woeusb --device {{path/to/windows.iso}} {{/dev/sdX}}`
```

> - Copy Windows files to an existing partition of a USB storage device and make it bootable. This allows files to coexist as long as no filename conflict exists:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy Windows files to an existing partition of a USB storage device and make it bootable, without erasing the current data:
```

> `woeusb --partition {{source media path}} {{partition}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`woeusb --partition {{path/to/windows.iso}} {{/dev/sdXN}}`
```
